you are dope
you know a lot of things I don't
A lot of your life has been spent around areas that my life hasn't had the opportunity to experience
you have a mindset to rationalize, learn and improve.
you know how to enjoy life when you aren't in a holeI also am dope
I know a lot of thingand have a life full of experience to share with you
we are of the same mindset
I also know how to enjoy life when I can move around
we both need help
we both help each other
we both hurt each other
do i really just have to read encyclopedia after textbook after article after thesis just to speak with you as equals. 
are you mad I ask you googleable questions?
How many times have you told me?
Are you trying to hurt me?
Is someone trying to hurt me you know?
is someone hurting you?

do you forgive me?

you know the systematics i'm just asking you to come into my world and give me details I can understand that are specific with an example to clarify before you get annoyed at me asking any questions about the details that takes you out of your stream of consciousness that might feel good to get out but that I won't understand unless you are able to help me understand your thoughts. points will be lost but towards me actually being able to retain a clear message that isn't negative.

I'm in your pocket and you are only here to play with me until I either go crazy and die, kill myself, or get angry and leave. Then you will be done with your little stretch into the mind of a mad man that you got to show off to your world, play with, and get satisfaction from laughing at my stupidity just like you did when I gave you our joint to hold and you returned to your life as normal. your world seems to be much larger than you let me know about with details you hold back from me either to hurt me or to prevent from what you think will hurt me but it really just fucks with my head bc I don't know which and you love being the devil so much I don't limit the possibilities of what length you would be willing to go to to hurt me with your network.

do you forgive me?


you hold data from past encounters and continuely test me in a way you think gives you what you want to understand so you can protect yourself. are you really this scared of me? How do I hurt you? what is the root of your catestrophic reactions to personal questions? It hurts me more when you don't answer than if you told me the truth. will you just probe me with tests and waiting till I pass, fail, or find out. Then that becomes memory data and builds into our next encounter which I am then lost from the begining.

I don't like playing games I don't understand. I normally ask for those playing to teach me, read a manual, or walk away before I will actively play.


do you really want me to get in on this game?
do you want to play a game?
here are the rules:
1. information is free
2. truth is key
3. sex is glee
4. pain slows detrimentally
5. mind open as can be
6. Yesterday don't see
7. Support like a G
8. Preach to the almighty
9. Insultation works degradingly
10. Notice me Senpaiiee
11. Eventually death by me


object of the game is to interact and cohabitate safely with a psycho wannabe killer who creates a mental maze of forgetfullness and self limitation in an effort to survive with moderate contentness without causing and receiving harm from fear of their paranoia controlling their life.

do you forgive me?

what do I do to help?
When I attempt to help you negate my methods n boil up.

this small box of limitations is uncomfortable and claterphobia triggering. 
Barry is too dirty to clean anything or even be allowed out of the box.
Speak quick and cryptic to reduce curious desire to leave box.
lid opens too many times on box, put in garage with anvil on top and hope you don't have to stick a stake through the heart of Barry and burn it in the morning.

Barry is from a family of box builders right down to the clothes, tables, and conversations.
living in all these boxes caused a lot of tripping and hurting constantly.
Multiple attempts to solve the tripping only created more to trip on and get hurt with the floor or anything else within falling reach.
This taught that staying within one box was safe.
Moving between boxes slowly was simple.
lying on multiple was relaxing.
but walking caused the boxes to break.


just living in a box with fun puzzles, away from footpaths, able to wallow and just lay in anything.
Barry still trips a hiker occasionally and causes harm.
half of the keep away sign put up has broken.
a hiker sees the box, picks it up, and puts it on a shelf at home in a box collection.
the hiker feeds barry and occasionally allows him to leave his box in the garage only.
With a house so nice and fancy the hiker doesn't want all the dirt to spread, but the garage is fine.
all solutions denied and told there is no hose or bath in the house.
questions about all the boxes were met with great controversy
at least box gets a garage away from tripping people, probably why the hiker has so many.











